RESTful Routing: clarify usage of id option with $routes->resources (#6488)
cakephp/docs: en/development/routing.rst

DELETE      /recipes/123.format   RecipesController::delete(123)
=========== ===================== ==============================

.. note::

> the default for $routes->resources requires your IDs to match integer values or UUIDs. If your IDs do not match that you will have to supply the regular expression fragment to use when matching IDs in the additional id option: $builder->resources('Recipes', ['id' => '.*']). Otherwise your routes will not work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The default for pattern for resource IDs only matches integers or UUIDs. If your IDs are different you will have to supply a regular expression pattern via the  ``id`` option. E.g. ``$builder->resources('Recipes', ['id' => '.*'])``. 
```

> the default for $routes->resources requires your IDs to match integer values or UUIDs. If your IDs do not match that you will have to supply the regular expression fragment to use when matching IDs in the additional id option: $builder->resources('Recipes', ['id' => '.*']). Otherwise your routes will not work.

Reviewer 2: You should code fence the code pieces here.

.. note::

>     The default for pattern for resource IDs only matches integers or UUIDs. If your IDs are different you will have to supply a regular expression pattern via the  ``id`` option. E.g. ``$builder->resources('Recipes', ['id' => '.*'])``. 

Reviewer 3: Wrap the text at ~80 chars / line?

```suggestion
    The default for pattern for resource IDs only matches integers or UUIDs. 
    If your IDs are different you will have to supply a regular expression pattern 
    via the  ``id`` option. E.g. ``$builder->resources('Recipes', ['id' => '.*'])``. 
```
